Last time on Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal...
KARI: So he snagged everyone's
cards and then took off?
I don't believe that guy!
YUMA: So do you think that crazy
card he dueled with is what he
stole from the museum?
Sounds like it.
Everyone who's ever had that
card has been blessed with a
sudden streak of crazy luck.
Who is this guy, sis?
Charlie Mccay was
dad's assistant.
Kari, I've got him!
We're on the d line monorail!
I'm on my way!
You took my card,
I'd like to have it back.
Charlie: Heh, heh, heh.
Well as it happens, I've jammed
this monorail so it can't be
stopped by the control center.
And I'm afraid our destination
is all the way on the other side
of the city. So uh, what do
you say we pass the time with a
little duel?
Duel gazer, let's roll!
Computer VOICE: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Tori: Be careful, yuma!
TOGETHER: Let's duel!
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
NURSE: May, it's almost
time for your surgery.
Don't worry.
You're just gonna take a nap and
when you wake up, it'll be done.
May: But, uh...
my Uncle Should be here.
Yuma...
Please be careful!
Alright, yuma.
It's time to let
the games begin.
First move's mine!
Here goes - I draw!
I place a monster facedown
in defense mode!
Then I end my turn
with a facedown card!
ASTRAL: Is Charlie going
to once again rely on luck?
My turn, I draw.
I activate the take
a chance spell card!
Pass me the dice.
E take a chance allows me to
roll a die once per turn and if
it comes up a six?
My current life points
are multiplied by five!
Any other number, and my life
points return to where they were
before I activated the spell.
Heh,
well, it's not like it's easy
to roll a six or anything.
And do not forget that he rolled
a six five times in a row during
his last duel.
The odds of rolling six sixes
in a row are 46,656 to one.
Watch closely.
No way you'll get it!
Another six!
How is that possible?
Suddenly I've got
20,000 life points!
As long as the sun that
shines, stays complete,
I never have to fear defeat.
Do what?
The sun already went
down, hours ago!
And yet my incredible
lucky streak continues.
I now summon majestic Jester.
Majestic Jester, take out
his facedown monster!
But Majestic Jester doesn't
have any attack points!
Go Dark pantomime!
Gogogo Golem's got
1500 defense points!
So you're the one
who's taking damage!
Not necessarily. Majestic
Jester's ability activates.
You gotta be kidding!
Luck's gonna decide
if I take damage or not.
If I roll a six while majestic
Jester is attacking, your
monster is instantly destroyed.
Any other number comes up,
and this clown is goin' down.
The odds of this happening
are 279,936 to one.
Enough with the statistics!
Let's roll.
Implausible.
Aw, come on!
Alright!
Gogogo Golem is done for!
I toss one card facedown
and end my turn!
Yuma, hurry!
This train is out of control!
Don't worry about that,
worry about the fact that you
have no chance of winning.
charlie, you vanished without a
word, and now you pop back into
my Life, acting like you did
nothing wrong, expecting things
to be the same.
well, they're not!
My turn!
I draw!
I summon gagaga magician!
This is the part where
I try my luck!
I activate the monster
slots spell card!
With this card,
I banish a monster in my
graveyard that's the same
level as gagaga magician!
And then I can draw a
new card from my deck.
If it's a monster that has the
same level as the other two
monsters, I can
summon it to my field!
But if it is not yuma, then the
card you draw and your level 4
gagaga magician
will be banished.
This is foolish.
Nnnnn, who asked you?
If this works, I'll have
an xyz monster out in no time!
But it's not gonna work. Fortune
is favoring me right now, which
means you're outta luck.
We'll see about that!
Okay here we go, I draw!
Aaagh!
Seriously?
So much for those cards.
Sorry, yuma!
I'm afraid lady
luck is on my side!
Well... I end my turn.
It occurs to me, the odds
of us defeating him might be
50,000,000 to one.
Come on!
Have a little faith, astral!
Don't you get it, yuma?
If luck isn't on your side,
everything else
goes out the window.
I always admired your old man.
I thought he had everything.
Courage, intelligence, charisma,
passion...
but you know what
he didn't have?
He didn't have luck
on his side.
And?
If he just had a little
bit of luck, then he...
what are you talking about?
Sometimes you come to a point
where it all comes down
to one thing. Good luck.
And if luck isn't on your side,
then there's nothing you can do.
And now, it's my
turn... I draw!
Time to play take
a chance again!
If I roll a six, my life points
get multiplied by five!
Come on, two!
Six again?
How is that possible?
Fortune favors the bold.
Now I'm sittin' on a hundred
thousand life points!
This is crazy!
There's nothing I can
do to defeat this guy?
And now, by activating
the release change spell,
I can toss a
monster off my field.
Then summon a monster with the
same level to take its place.
Say goodbye to majestic Jester,
and then say
hello to dice leveler!
Next, I activate the
monster slots spell card.
Hey, that's the same
card I just played!
That's right.
But somehow I think things are
gonna end differently for me.
First, I select level
1 dice leveler!
And then I banish level 1
majestic Jester
from my graveyard!
Now, if the card I draw is a
level 1 Monster, then I can
place that monster on my field.
Yes!
There we go!
It's dice leveler!
Two of em?
Actually, I'm gonna make this
a perfect triple jackpot.
I summon a third dice leveler!
This is bad, yuma.
And now I roll the dice
and dice leveler's level
increases by the number I roll.
Come on,
all sixes!
The odds of him rolling
three more sixes...
are 362 million, 700...
I don't wanna
hear it anymore!
What have we got?
Yeah!
Come on!
This isn't happening,
I don't believe it.
Believe it!
All three of my monsters
become level 7's!
And now I'm just gonna
overlay my dice levelers
and build myself a
little overlay network!
I xyz summon
number 7, lucky straight!
There it is!
The number card...
what can I say, yuma?
Life is a carnival!
Now what?
What do you mean,
'now what?' now yo se.
As long as the sun
stays complete?
I never have to fear defeat.
Huh?
tori!
kari?
Stay calm and listen.
That monorail you guys are on is
gonna reach the final station in
about five minutes.
What? That doesn't
leave much time.
don't worry.
I'll think of something.
Just hang tight.
Yuma!
The end of the
line is coming up!
What?
Don't worry,
my good luck will make sure
we stop safe and sound.
I'd be more worried by the fact
that I can cash in an overlay
unit and multiply lucky
straight's attack points By
whatever number I roll.
Come on, be good to me.
Alright.
Normally, lucky straight's
got 700 attack points,
but when multiplied by six,
we're
talkin' 4200!
How can I stop that?
Lucky Straight, attack
yuma directly!
Go Hand slam!
Yuma, your trap!
I'm on it!
I activate the
nitwit outwit trap card!
This trap allows me to send one
monster card in my hand to the
graveyard in order to lower the
damage I take by that monster's
attack points.
You're up, zubaba Knight!
Time to take one for the team!
Yuma!
A well-Timed
trap card. Not bad.
You bought yourself
another turn.
This isn't good. You got any
suggestions for me, astral?
If his luck is Perfect, then...
there is nothing you can do.
Well, but...
hey!
you Guys need to
wrap this up soon!
kari!
Kari!
don't try to run off and
hide again, Charlie!
you and I are
gonna have a little talk.
And what are we
gonna talk about?
How you miss me and think
about me all the time?
yuma...
you're losing against the lucky
straight card he took from the
museum, aren't you?
Uh, maybe.
there's a saying that
goes with that card.
"As long as the sun that shines
stays complete, I never
have to fear defeat."
Okay, what does that mean?
I searched the datanet but
I couldn't find any answers.
But you know everything.
It's just a little saying,
you know, for good luck.
"As long as the sun
that shines stays complete,
I never got to fear defeat!"
"The sun that shines..."
it doesn't mean anything,
it's just a figure of speech.
Running out of time here.
You can go ahead and
give up now if you want.
Don't think anyone
would blame you.
That's nice of you
to say. Thing is,
there's no way I'm giving up!
It's my turn!
I draw!
I'm summoning ganbara Knight!
And when I successfully bring a
level 4 monster to the field,
I can then summon
kagetokage from my hand!
And now, I'm gonna overlay
ganbara Knight and kagetokage!
With These two monsters,
I build the overlay network!
I xyz summon
number 39: Utopia!
And now utopia,
attack lucky straight!
I activate a trap.
Dice crisis!
If I roll a six, one of your
monsters loses all its attack
points and I take
control of it.
Let's see a three...
anything but six.
Would Ya' look at that.
Another six!
Utopia is mine.
This is bad. I place
one card facedown,
and end my turn.
Last stop coming up.
Let's end this duel.
You can't win, yuma.
Sometimes you just have
to know when to walk away.
That's not gonna happen!
E here's the thing CHARLIE:
I'd rather lose relying on my
skills as a duelist
than win relying on luck.
You remember my dad, don't ya?
That's right.
Then you know he taught me to
believe in myself and to never
back down and never
walk away. So I won't!
I won't give up!
Yuma...
win or lose, I'll see
this through to the end!
And the end is gonna
be me winnin'!
I get it.
You got spirit, I'll give you
that. But it's my turn now!
Yuma!
On it!
Not so fast,
first I activate a trap!
Commander of swords!
I can use this when there's a
light attribute warrior-Type
monster on the field.
And it doesn't matter if
it's on my side or yours.
Now draw your card!
If it's a spell or a trap card,
then I get to destroy it
or a spell or trap card
on your field instead.
I see.
You're hoping to get
rid of dice crisis.
You want utopia back.
Draw the card, Charlie.
I drew a little beauty
known as sun scale.
With this card in play, once a
turn, if I roll a six, I can
obliterate every
monster on your field.
And I mean let's face it
yuma, with the way things have
been going, we both know
that I'm gonna roll a six.
The sun.
I'm destroying dice
crisis, and...
Wait, do not do that!
Why not?
Sever the sun.
The sun?
No way.
Oh, right!
It's a sun!
That's just an expression,
though. It won't do anything.
You sound like you're not
too sure about that.
Let's find out what happens.
With the power of the commander
of swords trap,
I'm destroying sun scale.
There's no way...
go, utopia!
Rising Sun slash!
He did it. Yuma managed
to cut the sun in half.
Wait, no!
Don't leave me now!
What's that light?
Did that just break
my lucky streak?
You're finished, yuma!
Since Sun scale was destroyed,
you take 500 points of damage.
And now to follow that up, I'm
using take a chance's effect.
You know what happens if I roll
a six. My life points are once
again multiplied by five!
One?
Noooo!
Unbelievable. I guess my luck
seems to have run out.
I end my turn.
Now, this is it, yuma!
Yeah, let's do this thing!
I draw!
Heh!
I activate the come
back spell card!
This allows me to get my
monster back from your field!
Alright, utopia,
time to come home!
I'm feelin' the flow!
Go Chaos xyz evolution!
Get ready for chaos number 39!
Utopia ray!
Oh man,
just my luck.
Utopia ray's
ability activates!
For every overlay unit it uses,
it gains 500 attack points!
Go Overlay charge!
But that's not all,
also for every overlay unit,
your monster loses
1000 attack points.
Now do it, utopia ray!
Attack Lucky straight!
Rising Sun chaos slash!
All right!
I won!
Yuma!
The station!
We're not gonna stop in time!
Kari!
What are you doing?
It's too dangerous!
I told you I'd
think of something.
Kari, get out of the way!
Kari...
you guys okay?
We're good.
Thanks.
That was close. Wait,
what about Charlie?
I jinxed it...
I am so sorry, may.
Our luck... it's gone.
What are you talking about?
Kari.
Who's this may girl, Charlie?
May!
Uncle Charlie!
I'm really sorry that
I'm late, kiddo.
It's okay.
You're gonna do great in there.
You got nothin' to worry about.
Yeah I know.
You are brave.
Thanks.
Oh, and one more thing.
Take this card for good luck.
Not that you need it.
Thank you...
you're the best, uncle Charlie.
See that?
Maybe the good luck came
back to the card
now that it changed hands.
May's operation was a risky one,
but they told us it had to be
done. That's why I wanted lucky
straight, I wanted luck to be on
her side.
Wanted to Make sure that
nothing could go wrong.
Yeah, well...
what you did was
stupid, it was...
Kari...
yuma's a great duelist.
He's definitely
got your old man's spirit.
You be sure and tell him
that for me, would ya?
And, uh...
it was good to see you again.
Later, Kari.
Off for another globetrotting
adventure. Wish me luck.
Heh, heh.
Hey Tori, wanna go
grab a bite or something?
Yeah!
I'm really hungry.
Charlie is going to give us
that number card, right yuma?
Yeah, it's gonna be fine.
I think we really should
have stayed with them...
you feel like tacos or burgers?
I say tacos!
Yuma... yuma...
Good call!